Additional documentation on Layer and visibility (#1498)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/components/camera-component.md

The __Camera__'s group rendering function works with the [Model Component](../../engine/renderable) through the __Visibility__ property of the [Camera Component](../../editor/components/camera-component.md). The user can set the __Visibility__ value through code to complete the group rendering. It should be noted that the __Visibility__ value is **bitwise comparison**, and the user can manipulate the **top 20 bits of Visibility** through **bit operations** to complete the grouping.

The __Camera__ and models provided by default are all __rendered without grouping__. You do not need to change this value if the game has no special requirements to do so.

### Set the Visibility property

The `Visibility` property is used to set which layers of nodes should be observed by the camera, and multiple Layers can be selected at the same time.

> **Note**: the rendering of 2d elements (such as Sprite) also follows the `Layer` and `Visibility` judgement, adjust the `Layer` and `Visibility` as required.

When you check multiple Layers in the `Visibility` property, the value of the `Visibility` property is calculated by performing a `|` operation on the property values of multiple Layers.

> For example, in the following image, the `Visibility` property of the camera has both **UI_3D** and **DEFAULT** Layer checked, and by looking up [the value of the Layer property](../../concepts/scene/layer.md), we can see that the value of the **UI_3D** property is **1 << 23** and the value of the **DEFAULT** property is **1 << 30**, so the value of the `Visibility` property is **1 << 23 | 1 << 30  = 1820327937**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the following image, the `Visibility` property of the camera has both **UI_3D** and **DEFAULT** Layer checked, and by looking up [the value of the Layer property](../../concepts/scene/layer.md), notice the value of the **UI_3D** property is **1 << 23** , the value of the **DEFAULT** property is **1 << 30**, and the value of the `Visibility` property is **1 << 23 | 1 << 30 = 1820327937**.
```

| *Projection* | Projection mode. Divided into **perspective projection (PERSPECTIVE)** and **orthogonal projection (ORTHO)** |
| *Rect* | Viewport size of __Camera__ |
| *Visibility* | The `Visibility` of the __Camera__. Used to control the `Visibility` of different models in the same __Camera__. |

## Camera group rendering

The __Camera__'s group rendering function works with the [Model Component](../../engine/renderable) through the __Visibility__ property of the [Camera Component](../../editor/components/camera-component.md). The user can set the __Visibility__ value through code to complete the group rendering. It should be noted that the __Visibility__ value is **bitwise comparison**, and the user can manipulate the **top 20 bits of Visibility** through **bit operations** to complete the grouping.

The __Camera__ and models provided by default are all __rendered without grouping__. You do not need to change this value if the game has no special requirements to do so.

### The Visibility property of the camera is set

Set which tiers should be observed by this camera and which tiers should not be observed.

> **Note** : From version 3.0 of the Creator, The rendering of 2d elements (such as Sprite) also follows the `Layer` and `Visibility` judgement, So you can adjust the `Layer` and `Visibility` as required.

Reviewer: **Note** : From version 3.0 of the Creator, The
-->
> **Note** : The

The `Visibility` property is calculated from the value of multiple `Layer` `|` operations when the user has checked more than one `Layer` as the basis for `Visibility` of the camera.

The image below shows the `Layer` used by the camera:

![camera visibility gizmo](camera-visibility-gizmo.png)

In this case the `Visibility` property of the camera is `1 << 23 (Layer: UI_3D) | 1 << 30 (Layer: DEFAULT) = 1820327937`.

For details on the implementation of layers, Review the [Layer](../../concepts/scene/layer.md) documentation.

### Visibility calculations for the camera

> The camera itself can set one or more visible `Visibility` properties, And has its own `Layer` values on the node, Which is a 2^32^ integer, one for each visible `Layer`, Using bitwise operations to support up to 32 different `Layer` labels (one bit for each `Layer` value, i.e. 2^layer^). When culling the camera, The `&` operation is performed with the camera based on the `Layer` value of each node, And if the `Visibility` property of the camera contains this `Layer`, Then the current node should be visible to the camera. If the camera's `Visibility` property contains this ` Layer `, Then the current node should be visible to the camera.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Visibility` property allows multiple Layers to be selected at the same time, while the `Layer` on the Node has its own value, so the `Visibility` property of the camera is an **2<sup>32</sup>** bit integer. Each visible Layer occupies one bit, using bitwise operations, and supports up to 32 different Layer labels (one bit for each Layer value, that is, represented by **2<sup>32</sup>**). When the camera is culling, the Layer's property value of each node will perform a `&` operation with the camera, and if the `Visibility` property of the camera contains this `Layer`, then the current node will be visible to the camera, and vice versa.
```

The __Camera__'s group rendering function works with the [Model Component](../../engine/renderable) through the __Visibility__ property of the [Camera Component](../../editor/components/camera-component.md). The user can set the __Visibility__ value through code to complete the group rendering. It should be noted that the __Visibility__ value is **bitwise comparison**, and the user can manipulate the **top 20 bits of Visibility** through **bit operations** to complete the grouping.

The __Camera__ and models provided by default are all __rendered without grouping__. You do not need to change this value if the game has no special requirements to do so.

### The Visibility property of the camera is set

Set which tiers should be observed by this camera and which tiers should not be observed.

> Note: From version 3.0 of the Creator, the rendering of 2d elements (such as Sprite) also follows the Layer and Visibility judgement, so you can adjust the layer and visibility as required.

Reviewer: Note:
-->
**Note**:

Reviewer: From version 3.0 of the Creator, the
-->
The

I think we can remove: From version 3.0 of the Creator, because we are on v3 docs already.

The Visibility property is calculated from the value of multiple layer ` | ` operations when the user has checked more than one layer as the basis for visibility of the camera.

> The image below shows the layer used by the camera.

Reviewer: camera.
-->
camera:

![camera visibility gizmo](camera-visibility-gizmo.png)

In this case the Visibility property of the camera is ` 1 << 23 | 1 << 30 = 1820327937 `.

> For details on the implementation of layers, see [Layer](../../concepts/scene/layer.md) documentation.

Reviewer: see
-->
review the
